feat(mavlink): reassemble GPS_RTCM_DATA before GPS injection (#27084)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/advanced/rtk_gps.md

In practice, this means that support for new protocols and/or messages only need to be added to one place.
:::

### GPS_RTCM_DATA handling

If you are sending RTCM corrections to PX4 yourself, follow the MAVLink [`GPS_RTCM_DATA`](https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#GPS_RTCM_DATA) definition:

- Each MAVLink packet carries up to 180 bytes of RTCM data.

> - If the RTCM payload does not fit in one packet, use the MAVLink `fragment_id` and `sequence_id` fields to split it across up to 4 packets.

Reviewer: This implies there are such fields, and there are not.

```suggestion
- If the RTCM payload does not fit in one packet, use the "Fragment ID" and "Sequence ID" encoded in `GPS_RTCM_DATA.flags` to split it across up to 4 packets.
```

Author: Indeed, I'll update, thanks

Reviewer: Cool. Or just commit this.

Reviewer: Actually @JonasPerolini , let's make this crystal clear

```suggestion
- If the RTCM payload exceeds 180 bytes, split it across up to 4 packets using the Fragment ID and Sequence ID (encoded in `GPS_RTCM_DATA.flags`).
  Every packet except the last one must be filled to its maximum 180-byte capacity; only the final packet may be partially filled.
```

> - If the RTCM payload does not fit in one packet, use the MAVLink `fragment_id` and `sequence_id` fields to split it across up to 4 packets.

Reviewer: "Splits it across up to 4 packets." implies that you can have less than four packets, but the later steps indicate that you must have exactly 4 (or just one) packets. Which is true?

- PX4 reassembles fragmented packets according to the MAVLink rules and supports out-of-order delivery for one in-progress fragmented message at a time.

> - A fragmented message is considered complete when either all 4 fragments are present, or when all fragments before the first non-full fragment have been received.

Reviewer: I don't know what this means "or when all fragments before the first non-full fragment have been received."

Author: This comes from the mavlink message https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#GPS_RTCM_DATA: _The buffer is considered fully reconstructed when either all 4 fragments are present, or all the fragments before the first fragment with a non full payload is received._

E.g. 
- [180, 180, 45] is completed 
- [_, 180, 45] is not completed because we're missing a fragment before the first non-full i.e. the 45

Should I add examples to clarify?

Reviewer: Thanks. That makes sense. 

If we do https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/27084#discussion_r3122335064 then we can modify this more clearly without adding examples:

```suggestion
- A fragmented message is considered complete when either 4 fragments with the same Sequence ID have been received, or when you receive a partial fragment and you have already recieved all the fully-packed fragments that precede it (by Fragment ID) in the current sequence.
```

- If the RTCM payload length is an exact multiple of 180 bytes and uses fewer than 4 fragments, the sender must still send a final zero-length fragment to mark completion. A 720-byte payload (all 4 fragments full) is complete after the last fragment is received.

> - As a compatibility fallback for older QGroundControl builds that omit that final zero-length fragment, PX4 also flushes a buffered message when a different `sequence_id` arrives, but only if the buffered fragments are a gap-free run of full 180-byte fragments starting at fragment 0.

Reviewer: EDITED - I needed to go back and read the original message. Essentially GPS_RTCM_DATA can contain a whole message or parts of a message. The sequence id indicates the current message, and the fragment indicates the data packet in this message. 

1. Use "sequence ID" or "Sequence ID". Using `sequence_id` implies it is a real MAVLink field/identifier, but it isn't (people might search for it in MAVLink and we want them to have a chance of finding it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As a compatibility fallback for older QGroundControl builds that omit that final zero-length fragment, PX4 also flushes a buffered RTCM message to the GNSS when a `GPS_RTCM_DATA` message with a different Sequence ID arrives, but only if the buffered fragments are a gap-free run of full 180-byte fragments starting at fragment 0.
```
